 The place where I am standing right now is where I started my destination for this whole tour. So the name of the place is Clinics Strasse 60. It is actually the housing of one of the departments of University of Woosberg. It is Institute for Physics and Chemistry. It presents a unique blend of academic, urban and natural elements. The area is characterized by a variety of buildings surrounding the institute creating an academic hub with the students frequently moving in and out. And yeah, nearby to this place is the Hofbonhof adding to the urban feel with its transport connections. One side of the street is a garden with a, it's basically garden with, not a garden, the trees are there, the cars are parked there and it's very pleasing and it's having a calm and pleasing environment providing a relaxing escape from the urban bustle which is right opposite to this street. The green space is trying to retreat perfect for unwinding, admired nature. And right opposite to this street the scene shifts dramatically to more chaotic urban landscape where we can see the large buildings, you know, various stores and some shopping outlets are here creating a lively and busy atmosphere. Trams are moving through the area contributing to the bustle city vibe. People roam the streets shopping and engaging in daily activities adding to the vibrant street life. Moreover, in between the buildings there are car parked, the bicycles are a common sight for students and locals navigate the area. The presence of students is perfectly notable, actually because it's the institute where the students are getting in and coming out and it's contributing to the energetic and dynamic environment seeing the students coming happily out from the buildings and you know, having a conversation with their mates. So overall this street, this place actually offers a contrasting experience of mixture of, you know, trees on one side and on the opposite side we do have the, you know, urban vibrancy where we do have shopping streets, academic buildings right now which is the university building and yeah, it's having a diverse and engaging atmosphere. That's it.